Rewriting contributing and development sections of README (#7)
fedora-copr/logbuddy: README.md

    logbuddy https://example.com/logs.txt --model=https://mymodel.co/model_file --summarizer=drain --nlines=10

Contributing
------------

Contributions are welcome! Please submit a pull request if you have any improvements or new features to add. Make sure your changes pass all existing tests before submitting.

> To develop the script, clone this repository and install dependencies using pip:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To develop logbuddy, you should fork this repository, clone your fork, and install dependencies using pip:
```
I know it's nitpicking, but just to be precise.

Author: Done
